# AtlantaTouristApp

Georgia Aquarium- Georgia Aquarium is a public aquarium in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Georgia Aquarium is home to hundreds of species and thousands of animals across its seven major galleries, all of which reside in more than 10 million US gallons of fresh and saltwater.

Zoo Atlanta- Zoo Atlanta is an Association of Zoos and Aquariums accredited zoological park in Atlanta, Georgia. The current President and CEO of Zoo Atlanta is Raymond B. King. The Atlanta zoo suffered neglect and by 1984, was ranked among the ten worst zoos in the United States.

Atlanta Cyclorama at Atlanta History Center-The Atlanta Cyclorama and Civil War Museum was a Civil War museum located in Atlanta, Georgia, its most noted attraction being the Atlanta Cyclorama, a cylindrical panoramic painting of the Battle of Atlanta.

Centennial Olympic Park-Centennial Olympic Park is a 22-acre public park located in downtown Atlanta, Georgia owned and operated by the Georgia World Congress Center Authority. It was built by the Atlanta Committee for the Olympic Games as part of the infrastructure improvements for the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Martin Luther King, Jr. National Historical Park -The Martin Luther King Jr. National Historical Park covers about 35 acres and includes several buildings in Atlanta, Georgia related to the life and work of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.

Atlanta Botannical Garden-The Atlanta Botanical Garden is a 30 acres botanical garden located adjacent to Piedmont Park in Midtown Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Incorporated in 1976, the garden's mission is to "develop and maintain plant collections for the purposes of display, education, conservation, research and enjoyment."

Cnn Studio-The CNN Center in Atlanta, Georgia, is the world headquarters of CNN. The main newsrooms and studios for several of CNN's news channels are located in the building. The facility's commercial office space is occupied by various units of the former Turner Broadcasting System, now part of the AT&T subsidiary WarnerMedia.

Six Flags over Georgia- The CNN Center in Atlanta, Georgia, is the world headquarters of CNN. The main newsrooms and studios for several of CNN's news channels are located in the building. The facility's commercial office space is occupied by various units of the former Turner Broadcasting System, now part of the AT&T subsidiary WarnerMedia.

Fernbank Museum-Fernbank Museum of Natural History, in Atlanta, Georgia, is a museum that presents exhibitions and programming about natural history. Fernbank Museum has a number of permanent exhibitions and regularly hosts temporary exhibitions in its expansive facility, designed by Graham Gund Architects.

Delta Flight Museum-The Delta Flight Museum is an aviation and corporate museum located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, near the airline's main hub, Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport.

World of Coca-Cola-The World of Coca-Cola is a museum, located in Atlanta, Georgia, showcasing the history of the Coca-Cola Company. The 20-acre complex opened to the public on May 24, 2007, relocating from and replacing the original exhibit, which was founded in 1990 in Underground Atlanta.

Piedmont Park-Piedmont Park is an urban park in Atlanta, Georgia, located about 1 mile northeast of Downtown, between the Midtown and Virginia Highland neighborhoods. Originally the land was owned by Dr. Benjamin Walker, who used it as his out-of-town gentleman's farm and residence.

Atlanta Beltline-The Atlanta BeltLine is a former railway corridor around the core of Atlanta, Georgia, under development in stages as a multi-use trail. Some portions are already complete, while others are still in a rough state but hikeable.

Spondivits ( seafood restaurant)-Since 1979, this down-home seafood restaurant & bar has served Angus beef, chowder, gumbo & oysters.

Slutty Vegan Atl- Hip counter-serve spot for plant-based burgers piled high with toppings & other hearty vegan eats.


The Capital Grille-Outpost of the upscale steakhouse chain offers classic American fare & a clubby, refined setting.

Mr. Everything- We started in the community providing jobs and providing healthy food options way before the rebirth of black empowerment movement we see now. We have grown but we have never left the community which supported us all these years. We will always have a location on MLK.

Ponce City Market-Ponce City Market is a mixed-use development located in a former Sears catalogue facility in Atlanta, with national and local retail anchors, restaurants, a food hall, boutiques and offices, and residential units.